barracks,
zerg,
protoss,
terran,
engineering bay,engin bay
forge,
blink,
evolution chamber,
cybernetics core,cybercore
enhanced shockwaves,
gravitic boosters,
armory,
robotics bay,robo bay
twilight council,twilight
fusion core,
fleet beacon,
factory,
ghost academy,
infestation pit,
robotics facility,robo
stargate,
starport,
archon,
smart servos,
gateway,
warpgate,
immortal,
zealot,
nydus network,
nydus worm,
hydralisk,hydra
grooved spines,
muscular augments,
hydralisk den,hydra den
planetary fortress,
battle cruiser,
weapon refit,
brood lord,
broodling,
greater spire,
anabolic synthesis,
cyclone,
bunker,
lurker,
seismic spines,
adaptive talons,
lurker den,
widow mine,
ground carapace,
high templar,
shield battery,
observer,
baneling,
centrifugal hooks,
baneling nest,
raven,
auto turret,
combat shield,shield
lair,
missile turret,
turret,
spore crawler,
supply depot,
overlord,
pneumatized carapace,
mutalisk,
spire,
viper,
flyer attacks,
flyer carapace,
tempest,
tectonic destabilizers,
phoenix,
anion pulse-crystals,
corruptor,
infestor,
pathogen glands,
zergling,
spawning pool,
metabolic boost,
spine crawler,
marauder,
ghost,
arm silo with nuke,
carrier,
interceptor,
hellion,
hellbat,
ravager,
nexus,
hatchery,hatch
command center,
neosteel armor,
hi-sec auto tracking,
ship weapons,
charge,
liberator,
advanced ballistics,
melee attacks,
colossus,
extended thermal lance,
creep tumor,
tech lab,
air armor,
air weapons,
adrenal glands,
mule,
infernal pre-igniter,
thor,
warp prism,
gravitic drive,
dragoon,
cocoon,larva
mothership,
burrow,
changeling,
ultralisk,
chitinous plating,
ultralisk cavern,
drone,
scv,
queen,
banshee,
hyperflight rotors,
photon cannon,cannon
missile attacks,
assimilator,
extractor,
refinery,
roach,
marine,
sensor tower,
infantry armor,
infantry weapons,
hive,
psionic storm,
templar archives,
sentry,
ground armor,
ground weapons,
adept,
resonating glaives,
reactor,
pylon,
reaper,
drilling claws,
swarm host,
mag-field accelerator,
siege tank,
probe,
corvid reactor,
neural parasite,
viking,
oracle,
broodling,
locust,
mothership core,
orbital command,
stimpack,
void ray,
flux vanes,
overseer,
ignite afterburners,
dark templar,
shadow stride,
dark shrine,
cloaking field,
personal cloaking,
medivac dropship,medivac
vehicle and ship plating,
vehicle weapons,
war hound,
roach warren,
tunneling claws,
glial reconstitution,
concussive shells,
stalker,
disruptor,
gas,
cannon rush,
supply block,
macro,
micro,
natural expansion,
proxy,
cyber core,
prismatic alignment,
flooding,
chrono boost,
cheese,
supply,
war prism,
branda,
detector,
natural,
pool first,
forge first,
hatch first,
stasis ward,
gas geyser,
kite,
mineral,
worker,
hydra ling bane,
ling bane,
transfuse,
saturate,
